>> Will Sentance: You've seen the core
principles of machine learning and
neural networks.
We've had probability and
at the core making predictions
about our larger population of,
in this case,
three by four images in the previous case,
refund requests,
making prediction using a model
that converted our background data.
In this case,
pixels into the associated data.
The label smile yes, smile no, smile no,
smile yes, the tool we use
towards the neural network.
It's generalizing that pattern we found
in the sample that these 12 pixels 100%.
These 12 pixels 0% these
12 0% these 12 100%
to the population these
12 pixels who knows?
We'll get 100 percentage fromit.
That presumably would be, helpfully, yes,
it would be quite a -1, wouldn't it?
If anyone's tried this one,
it will be quite a -1.
It will come out at probably,
I don't know, three or 4%, hopefully.
We can apply, someone try,
we can apply the model, the converter,
to our broader population.
And as long as the sample is reflective
of the population as a whole,
which if it's a decent sized sample,
we can feel confident it will be.
Then we're able to make decent predictions
converting just like we did here,
where we wanted to get as many of these
converted to the actual label as possible.
So, 2 we're able to convert
this new 12 pixels values and
get a good decision,
1 or -1, small or not.
How do we do it?
Via the neural network converter,
the neural network model that
gives layers of multipliers,
layers of multipliers.
Weights known as the parameters of
the model that capture the association
between the input values of features
of pixels and their label small or not.
The class, the label small or not, we then
used the training approach of gradient
descent to tweak from the 0s initially,
which gave us a terrible conversion.
Steadily closer and closer, until we
were converting our whole sample with
an accuracy of 93% and an error of
only 37% using gradient descent.
Then we refine our model, we could add,
we could improve our learning rate,
jump faster, but it's a risk.
We added an activation function,
in this case sigmoid,
that not only made things easier
to interpret, 100% it's a smile,
0% it's not, and somewhere in between,
more or less confident.
But also ensured we actually
found a set of multipliers
that did a decent conversion for
our sample.
And then finally, integrating all
of that into a model pipeline.
That's the fancy word for the process by
which we take all of that training data,
develop our set of multipliers, our model,
then, make it available to be used for
inferring.
Making a bet,
making a prediction about a new image.
And then, by the way,
if we look at that, and
over time, realize it's not doing
a very good job refining and
maybe retraining our model,
designing the API to do so.
And isn't that a gorgeous little
pet dog in the corner there,
designed by our wonderful
illustrator Kieran.
So extending these principles
to an unfathomable scale,
which is where we move into large
language models, all AI and
ML models you develop and
deploy build on these principles,
much of the power, though, comes from
the vast scale of training data.
We had a sample of four, but
we were able to follow every
single one of these pixels.
In practice, it's beyond comprehension,
but it's just an extension
of just like programming is just save
data, do stuff to it, but my God,
there's a lot of data you can save and
a lot of stuff you can do with it.
Same here, it's only ever take sample,
identify pattern,
to convert within the sample and apply to
population where in the population you
don't have all the data, so
you don't know if there's a smile or not.
If you worked out how to convert it in
the sample effectively where you did know,
you can use it in the population.
But throughout, remember, it all depends
on our ability to generalize from a sample
to the population by building a model
that converts or captures the patterns.
These patterns of pixels
associated with smile,
these with not these with not
these with smile in the sample.
And assuming that reflects
the population as a whole,
we can make predictions
about our population.
It just happens that population
in large language models,
as we'll see here,
is something akin to all possible use of
human language,
not just three by four images with 0s and
1s, and that has some pretty
profound consequences.